# Reflection
## Boolean Logic  for Future View Layer Interpretation
In our database, we store the status of a listing as a 1 or 0 (sold or available). For the presentation view, we do not want to display a 1 or 0, but rather a status "Sold!" or a status "Available!". Our method is_sold() determines translates this logic from our database value for what we want the presentation view to show.
## Error Handling
When setting the price, we want to be sure that the user's input is a valid price. We do this by checking the input passed into set_price() to see if it is a valid float type. If it is not, we will raise a ValueError stating that expect a float type. We can see a similar behavior for the setters for the description and category attributes.

## Data Processing
Unlike other projects, we are not using a preexisiting collection of data. Our project involves the use of data generated by users. We created a mock data set for the time being using the Python sqlite3 package. We retrieve the data via SQL queries and returning a list of tuples, easily giving us access to each attribute of each row in our database. Though not shown in main.py, we can vary the SQL queries to query listings by category or author_id returning us a different list of tuples. We could print the tuples out but this approach does not ensure data type validation.

## Data Type Validation Through Object Instantiation
An approach of data type validation we perform is retrieving the data from our database and attempting to pass these values to create a Listing object with said data. This ensures that the object properties are properly defined with the correct data types.

## Encapsulation
We utilize encapsulation through the use of setters and properties in our Listing class. In our presentation model, notice the use of properties to describe how we are obtaining the values of each listing. Upon looking at the Listing class, we can see that the attributes for the class are meant for private use within the class. By only allowing the view of data only be accessed through our getter methods, we are achieving data hiding. We also use setters to change the values of certain attributes. Though not showcased, using the setter method is the only way to manipulate attributes.
